---
layout: post
title: "perfect"
author: "spencer"
categories: entry
---

a perfect world 

here we wake up with the sun to the sounds of songbirds. we emerge from sleep with a fiery excitement to tear off our sheets so we can begin another blessed day. in this world our loved ones are closeby from the moment we rouse. they are slipping from their cots and smiling warmly at us. together, we have a structured morning routine that consistently brings us peace and pleasure. when you see your romantic partner you are filled with feelings of intimacy and beautiful shared memories. you march through the day with waves of powerful energy. you feel purpose coursing through your veins. you gain mastery over skills with consistent progress while developing powerful bonds with your mentors. you have students of your own who look up to you. when you nap in the soft moss beneath a maple tree, you reminise upon fond memories. you strategize on how your team will win the upcoming rasketball competition. you enjoy both deep and light yet intimate interactions with several different members of your community. you are well rested, focused, and dynamic. you sing well and dance enticingly. you are perfect. your life is perfect. you are always in the moment - no trauma. you experience the full palette of the human experience and you steadily accumulate wisdom. you rise in regard and are elected leader of your community. you are adored and recognized and supported at every turn of your life. you live the ideal life. 
