---
layout: post
title: "tricky pain"
author: "spencer huang"
categories: entry
---

I had really nice time with my friends last night. Actually, I had quite a nice day yesterday. I teared up during therapy. I felt seen in a new way. I had a nice music lesson. I played a fun game of smite. Then a rare enjoyable meal with my parents. Then a frustrating game afterwards. But my friends watched me play. Which was nice but also a little distracting in a way I didn't expect. Although I suspect it mainly was because too many things happened at once. There was an interaction between two people I know who don't really know each other and that occupied quite a bit of mental space when I trying to allocate most of my focus towards playing best and I also had to explain what was going on which would normally be helpful but because of the unexpected social collision, the entire thing felt overwhelming. Then I had a generally nice time with my friends,like I mentioned in my first sentence. 

Slept. Woke up. Then masturbated. It was okay. It was like 80% imagination and 20% 2d porn which is honestly pretty applaudable for someone like me who is somewhat addicted to masturbating to porn. Then I showered and trimmed my nails. Played some music. It was hard, harder than I can play comfortable at the moment and that really frustrated me. Freaking out on the Interstate. I can't seem to get bar chords down. Hopefully some day soon. I switched to an easier song and that felt more satisfying and then I stopped playing and did a little workout alone. I think I want to work out with people. I think it'll be a lot more fun. But I also don't want to pay for a gym membership or weighed down by the pressure of social expectation when I don't want to. That's a whole thing.

Then I played a game of smite which lead to three more games. But after the fourth game I was just like: ok, i've had enough. It wasn't a guilt driven decision. It was just like I was full. I wanted to do something else. That was pretty cool. BUT the fucking last game I LOST and I HATE losing. For some reason, wins feel good but losses feel unbearable. LIKE FUCK. I AM BETTER THAN YOU. How could I possibly lose. It's cringe as hell I know but I feel that way. I genuinely feel so robbed and in PAIN when I lose. And then I also feel bad that the entire endeavor didn't produce anything besides some satisfaction for myself. And satisfaction for a very specific part of myself too. The gamer. The creature that hungers for mental stimulation and getting as many kills and wins as possible, as many hits of dopamine at the expense of another person as possible. I want other players to feel despair. To be crushed under my skill and brains. I don't really know if that's bad or good. But I do want to understand a little better the part of me that LOVES to play smite.

My parents shamed the shit out of me for playing video games. And smite was my favorite game growing up. And lord knows no one can stymie another desire in an actual way. So I think the part of me that loved smite was shut down by other protective parts who reacted to my parents. It was told that smite was a shameful activity, worthless, even though it meant so much to him. And as a younger part, of course he couldn't see the nuance in his desire. 

It really sucked. Like fuck the way I was treated for liking a fun game. There was no curiosity just toxic guilting. Anger is flowing forth from me. Resentment and hatred. WHY WHY WHY. I just liked playing a goddamn game. I would have done my chores as well. But why did they take from me something that brought me so much joy and satisfaction? Why didn't they pay any attention to something that excited me so genuinely. 

They couldn't care so they didn't care. They couldn't be better so they were terrible. Their best was horrific. It was not okay. It was not okay and i'm sorry. I'm feeling bad right now. Tightness in my throat. Like pain wants to explode out of my neck. Right now I feel it. I feel it so clearly. 

I was a person too. Why was I the one who was sacraficed? Why were my desires abandoned and SHAMED? That's so unfair and so hurtful. 

It was unfair. It was hurtful. It was painful. I can't accept that kind of behavior again. What will you do to make things better?

I'll see you. I'll give your needs extra attention. But I can't always fulfill your needs. I will prioritize them. But there are a lot of broken parts with us. I have to do my best to see them all. But I WILL see you. For as long as you need. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. 

I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I'm sorry. I am sorry. I am so sorry. I am sorry. I am sorry. I am so so so sorry. I am sorry. That was unfair. That was unfair. That was unfair. I am sorry that was so unfair. I am so sorry that was so unfair. I am so so sorry. That was unfair. That was so unfair. 
I'm sorry
I'm sorry I am sorry. I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry. Okay
Okay. i need a break. 