---
layout: post
title: "starved"
author: "spencer huang"
categories: entry
---

no situation is perfect. i know that. every container will offer some pleasure and some pain. but i feel my body begging for a better community structure. i cant tell if its because of capitalism or because my parents are immigrants from china or the internet or globalism or the fact that my town just transitioned from being a vacation village for rich new yorkers 60 years ago. i know that i barely have a relationship with my neighbors. i know that my closest friends live miles away if not hundreds of miles away. i know that the environment during retreats i've been to feel so much better and the reason has nothing to do with luxury and wealth and everything to do with community structure. there must be some people in this very town that feel fully socially nourished. im willing to bet its some one among the pakistani population. i often see them communing joyfully or at least sincerely on the streets and in their restaurants. so im not saying its impossible. im saying i feel excluded. and i dont think i want to join the pakistani group or the indian group or the hispanics. i dont even know if i want to join the chinese american youths. i feel like i want to be among artists and deeply spiritual people who love celebrating the natural world. i want to be enmeshed in a structure with these kinds of people. people who take time out of their to meditate together, to dance together, to have sex, to make music and sing. people who make loving space for all emotions and are funny and existential and relaxed. people who are dynamic and thoughtful and real. i dont know. we'll see.      
