---
layout: post
title: "wake up"
author: "spencer huang"
categories: entry
---

I wasn't allowed to sleep as I needed.

One of the most basic human needs and pleasures. Sleep and enough of it.

So many obstacles stood before me and either getting enough sleep or feeling unashamed for doing so.

My father calling me an old man if I slept more than he did, even though the youth are biologically wired to need way more sleep to develop properly. What a fucking idiot.

The school system that made school start at 7:40 AM, as the fucking sun is rising. I don't even know who to be angry for that but what a stupid idiotic decision. The whole point of school should be help our youth develop and they didn't make it possible for us to get enough sleep.

The goddamn internet both distracting our brains and also jampacking our feeds with "ultra-productive" robots masquerading as living humans. No wonder they're posting their productivity videos with a religious fervor. Without trying to indoctrinate other people, they're just living in a hell they created for themselves. 

As a child that had no choice but to conform to a wickedly backwards system, these videos offered a perverse mindset shift to make the torture more tolerable, even if it turned our minds against biology in an even deeper way. 

I'm finally reaching a point of power where I can wake up to my own goddamn needs and respect my biology instead of being subjected to anyone else's self-punishing projections. I'm going to sleep so much, even if I feel guilty about it at first. I'm going to fucking rest.