---
layout: post
title: "shred"
author: "spencer huang"
category: entries
---

**dont read this if you're scared of intense reality. i talk about the violence that i was subject to as a child by my own parents**

When I was eight years old, my dad kicked my cocketiel’s cage into the air while the bird was still inside. Then he stormed upstairs and locked himself in his room until the next day. I was so scared that he would kill me in a fit of rage. But I wanted to survive so I pretended to be strong. 

Once, he was sent by my mother to pick me up at a friend’s house. I was not outside the moment he arrived, so he sped home with me in the passenger seat. He shamed me for stepping out more than ten seconds after he arrived, while he swerved and accelerated so aggressively that my small body almost bounced out the seat. I was so scared for my life. I pretended to be strong. 

One summer, my family and I were on a cruise where we were able to use play arcade games using our room keycards. I did not know that each time I swiped the card, I added a charge to my family’s account. I don’t think my parents knew either. When we found out, they unleashed a rage upon me I can barely remember. I can only recall running away down the stairs of the ship and them in angry pursuit. I felt terrfied they would physically hurt me. To what extent would they go if they’ve already done such horrible things? Would they kill me? 

They hit me. They hit their own child in fits of rage. Several times. Do I need to say more? Is there ANY excuse for that? How can I form healthy relationships now when my caretakers were so unexpectedly violent towards me when I was most vulnerable. 

How could a person do such terrible things to their own children? The fear I carry around weighs me down. My friends wonder why I sleep so much. They wonder why I am late to events. They wonder why I struggle to communicate punctually. They wonder why I cannot hold down a traditional job.

It’s because I am a plant that got no water. My own parents blocked me from sunlight and poured acid into the soil I was growing in. I am undergrown. To survive, I adapted in perverse and strange ways. The second I perceived a ray of sunlight, I latched on for dear life. I grew in that direction in a primal craze. A last ditch effort for survival. 

I was never given a chance to see the world like you do, full of opportunity. I was taught to see the world as dangerous. Pain and punishment at any moment. 

I was not recognized for my efforts. I was not seen. I was not applauded. My thoughts and emotions were not reflected back at me. I am NOT sorry that I cannot be as efficient and logical as you. I am quite frustrated that you have already achieved so much more than I have. I am SO happy to see you enjoy your loving and safe family. Somehow, you deserve that and I don’t.  

We might breathe the same air and eat the same food but I don’t live in the same world as you. 

I don’t know what to do. I am so young inside. Younger than you could ever imagine. I pretend and pretend and pretend. To survive I pretend to be competent. Assured. To survive being beaten and threatened, I pretend to be strong. I tucked the terror behind folds and folds of stories. I am “ahead of my generation.” I am “more mature for my age.” I am smarter than average.” No, I had my childhood stolen. My youth was left to rot when it was meant to thrive. The time and energy meant to build a foundation for a satisfying adult life was spent desperately trying to make it one more day. My foundation is made of cardboard. 

I am angry like fire. I am angry like a nuclear bomb. I am afraid. I am afraid of feeling afraid. I am ashamed. I must have done something wrong to deserve such a shitty and violent childhood. Before my brain was fully formed and my body fully grown, I MUST have done something wrong to deserve so much punishment and rage. So I don’t trust myself. I don’t help myself. I don’t ask for help. I am familiar with rotting. I am safe in the decay. At least I’m not in danger if I live in my bubble. At least I probably won’t die.

No happy ending. There is darkness in this world. Sometimes there is pure darkness. Pitch blackness. Sometimes houses burn down with an entire community inside and that’s the end of the story. 

Recognize that my early life was shit. Do NOT try to guide me towards a silver fucking lining. Let me mourn. Let me feel enraged. I was done the greatest injustice. It is my pain to claim, NOT yours. So unless you will just sit there and SEE me as I am, and all my history as it happened, then get the fuck out of my life. But I know what will happen. Either you’ll never even make it this far because it’s too dark of a story or your tiktok attention span would never allow such a long read or you simply cannot understand my pain because you’re one of the lucky ones. And that really fucking sucks. I will feel sorry for myself. I am trying dammit. Can someone help me? 
